## PHP Foundation Board Meeting

###  Date & Time
Date: 2026-04-28
Time: 15:00 CET
Location: Google Meet
Duration: ~60 minutes

### Attendees
- Board Members Present: Matthew Weier O'Phinney, Nicolas Grekas, Roman Pronskiy, Sara Golemon, Josepha Haden Chomphosy, Sebastian Bergmann
- Guests / Observers: Elizabeth Barron
- Regrets / Not Present: Benjamin Eberlei, Nils Adermann, Matt Stauffer

### Summary of Discussions

Topics of discussion:

* **Vacation Reminders and Project Board Updates**: The speaker Elizabeth Barron announced they would be on vacation starting the next day, returning between the 7th and 11th of the following month. They reminded the attendees about the Team project board and stated they are working on better integrating their local task tracking (ClickUp) by opening more issues for the project board.
* **Team Updates**: Elizabeth provided updates around infrastructure and security
* **Review of Invoicing and Budget Tracking**: Elizabeth presented a sheet they created to track everyone's time, maximum contracted hours, actual invoiced amounts, and rates.
* **Projected Income and Discussion of Travel Budgeting and Expenses**: A second budget sheet was presented which projects income and expenses based on analysis of past two years of historical data. A new budget item was introduced, covering travel for the Executive Director and partially the Director of Fundraising. Discussion included ways to reduce travel expenses and what the budget should be.
* **Status of the Impact Report**: Elizabeth Barron confirmed that they are working on the impact report, which is running late and will be top of mind upon returning from vacation.
* **Drafting Editorial Guidelines and Initiating Guest Blog Posts**: Following feedback about previous posts and a conversation with a blind developer about PHP accessibility, Elizabeth Barron developed draft editorial guidelines for the blog. They secured a commitment from the developer, André, to write a guest post, and suggested using guest posts to engage the community, surface diverse voices, and discuss PHP in enterprise or edge cases. Elizabeth asked for feedback from the Board on the draft document.
* **Need for Formal Board Support for pursuing an Alpha-Omega Grant**: Discussion was had about the Alpha-Omega organization and the details of a potential grant proposal. Elizabeth Barron will open a new discussion for the formal vote on the Alpha-Omega effort and will share the link in the Board Slack channel. 
* **Funding for Security Efforts**: Discussion was had about pursuing other targeted funding specifically for a focus on security, that would supplement the Alpha-Omega grant.
* **The RFC for Social Media Management of PHP Project**: Discussion was had about concerns over the php.net social media accounts. Elizabeth mentioned the need for an RFC for a social media team, as had been discussed in the Board Slack channel previously. Roman Pronskiy noted they created an RFC proposing the Foundation set up a social media team for the PHP project to manage all social media accounts, which Elizabeth Barron was happy to review and contribute to. Roman mentioned a concern that not posting to Twitter/X means a risk of losing account ownership. Several members mentioned that announcing regular releases could be automated to the account, and that would require little effort.
